(Ryan)
Previously onMillion Dollar
Listing New York...
I'd like us to take
the next step.
Now, it is time for the biggest
of all decisions.
Who will the egg donor be?
You're gonna be great daddies.
I have a project
on 19th Street.
- Yeah, let's do it.
- I'm looking forward.
We're supposed to do this
together.
Sure, so you can't
come inside and say,
"Hey this is
what we're gonna do.
This is what we're gonna do."
He's, like,
actually being disrespectful.
I mean, I brought him on
to the project.
You have to do five shots
of tequila with me right now.
My current client, Arty,
has been a handful.
I think we could do a nice party
just in the closet, huh?
[laughter]
I think we really need
a tequila now.
We need to have a little talk.
(woman)
Luis...
There's a problem
with the offer.
It just wasn't meant to be
this time.
[upbeat music]
My motto is expansion...
always in all ways.
New York City, it's the most
exciting city for real estate,
and that's why I'm here.
I'm the closer
and a listing machine.
What makes me better is that
I work harder than anyone else.
Whee!
We're friends now.
Right?
I don't need him,
and you don't either.
This will never end.
* *
Tell them I'll meet them
at 4:00 p.m. today.
(Ronita)
Where are you now?
I am on my way to 46 Carmine
in the West Village.
West Village, to me, is poetry.
Imagine the leaves
in the fall,
falling on
those tree-lined streets
with beautiful townhouses
that reminds you of London.
Movies stars, artists, writers.
In the West Village,
there are buildings
that have been built
way before electricity.
Or elevators,
in this case.
- Hello.
- Luis.
Good morning.
- Hi.
- Hello.
- How are you?
- Good to see you.
Muah.
I met Bianca at an art show.
She came to me and told me
that she had an apartment
on Carmine Street
that she needed to sell.
When did you buy this?
1972.
How much?
27,000.
Oh, my God.
[upbeat music]
* *
(Bianca)
Here is a bedroom.
(Luis)
That's actually very cute.
Make yourself at home.
Oh, my God.
[Bianca laughs]
This is a little nook here.
This is very nice.
The exposed brick,
you painted this, I'm assuming?
(Bianca)
Yes, that's the original brick.
This is
a true West Village apartment.
So this apartment is much
smaller and not as luxurious
as most of the listings
that I'm working with right now.
Ah.
But she told me that it was
a very special apartment,
and she was right.
It's a loft
that you can stand up in,
so you've got another skylight.
[exhales deeply]
It's not always
about the commission.
Sometimes it's more about
an apartment that inspires me.
This place, it's--
I don't know, there's something
very artistic about it.
Well, I don't know
if you know this,
but Jackson Pollock
lived here.
So it has
quite a history.
Hold on, Jackson Pollock
lived in this apartment?
Yeah.
(Luis voice-over)
Jackson Pollock is
the ultimate American artist.
He's the splatter painter.
He's like a mix of emotions.
He throws a line of love,
a line of anger,
a line of depression,
a line of passion, fear,
everything,
into one piece of canvas.
Have you found, like,
drips of paint?
No, not really.
Very interesting.
[chuckles]
I am going to find
a drop of paint
from Jackson Pollock
in this apartment,
even if it kills me.
[upbeat music]
You bought this place
for $27,000?
Correct.
I'm assuming anything over
27,000 would make you happy.
Uh, not really.
[both laugh]
I've been waiting
for many years
to sell this place
for the right price.
Okay.
Why are you selling now?
Because the time is right.
I want to make some changes
in my life.
(Luis voice-over)
Bianca has not lived here
for a long time.
She's been renting it out
for a while.
She's ready to cash out.
I think she even wants to invest
the money into another project
that she can renovate.
This is my suggestion.
I think we should price it
at 1.25.
I need you to listen to me.
This is worth more
than what you're saying.
It's worth more than 1.25.
There is nothing like this.
If this was
a luxurious apartment
in a doorman-building,
sitting here on Carmine Street,
I would think 2,500 a foot
at least.
But this is not.
It's a walk-up,
old building.
No doorman.
No amenities.
The strategy is
to create a price that--
it looks very attractive
for something that's so special,
to allow everybody
to go crazy on bidding.
I use this strategy
when I know it will work.
Trust me.
You're making me nervous,
but you are the pro.
We have a deal.
(Luis)
1.25 and then...
- And then up from there.
- Yup.
Okay.
The fact that Jackson Pollock
lived in this apartment
makes the whole world
of a difference.
That means this apartment
has history.
Jackson Pollock.
Jackson [bleep] Pollock.
Are these keys Jackson's?
[laughs]
[upbeat music]
[Ryan humming]
I'm still waiting
on the paperwork from Fredrik
that'll make our co-listing
of 19th Street official.
Brokers usually don't get along
with each other,
especially two firms.
What?
I get along with everyone.
I've never had a fight
with anyone.
So in the meantime, I'm working
with my Russian buyer, Arty.
- What's going on, pal?
- Great to see you.
- Thanks for meeting me.
- How you doing?
(Ryan voice-over)
Arty wants to spend $20 million
on an apartment in New York.
So this week,
I showed him a third property.
[upbeat music]
* *
- Hey.
- Oh.
But surprise, surprise,
surprise.
There were more girls,
more partying...
(Arty)
The girls like to jump.
[laughs]
Which leads
to a very unhappy listing agent.
(Arty)
Are we gonna have to do
a jump here too?
No, we don't have to do jumps
on every stair.
It's fine.
Which leads
to a very unhappy Ryan.
A little bit pissed off
that you didn't let me, uh,
bring all my girls
to this meeting.
Uh, right.
I'm, um--
I just wanted you and I
to sit down
and talk
about the task at hand.
- Okay.
- Um...
In this price range, the brokers
that we've been showing to
take themselves very seriously.
So when we walk in
and I've got all these girls
coming through,
we're kind of partying,
that doesn't really
make us look good.
Right. Honestly, I'm trying
to soak in everything
that you're saying,
and I feel really insulted.
If you don't think
I'm serious enough
and if those girls
really bother you,
it's not a problem.
You know, I can easily find
another broker.
I told you from the beginning,
this is how I do business.
I like to have fun,
and honestly,
I'm really pissed off
right now.
Okay.
Maybe this guy is
more serious than I thought.
You really need
to loosen up.
If we're gonna do business
and we're gonna do this deal,
you really need to loosen up
and have some fun.
Honestly.
(Ryan voice-over)
I'm glad
Arty isn't walking away,
but I got to get
a little tough here.
If we keep doing it his way,
then brokers aren't gonna
want to work with me,
it's gonna sully my reputation,
and I can't have that.
I don't want to lose you
as a client.
And that's not my intention,
but I didn't call you.
You reached out to me.
The difficulty I have
in this situation
is when you show up
with these party girls,
bouncing around,
jumping on beds,
it makes me look like
an idiot.
Listen, I will find you
what you want,
and I will get you
the absolute best deal.
I just need you to leave
the girls behind once.
Let's do it.
Can I have a shot
of Alacrán Tequila, please?
[chuckles]
[funky music]
* *
I think I should just
go to the gym,
while you guys paint away.
Yeah, sure. She's gonna be here
any minute now.
(Fredrik)
The dinner we had
with Ryan and Emilia
turned out to be a lot of fun.
You should do a portrait of her.
(Derek)
Would you want to do that?
A portrait?
Hmm.
I've never done that before.
[laughs]
(Fredrik)
What started at dinner, like,
"I'm going to paint you,"
is now actually happening.
What kind of painting
are you gonna do of her?
[laughs]
Well, it's gonna be
a little bit more abstract.
(Fredrik)
So we have invited Emilia
to be painted
but also to ask her something.
Small.
What if, like, you know...
What?
You weren't thinking it?
What do you mean?
[inhales]
I'm a little bit nervous,
but, I mean, in a good way.
It's like you're putting
yourself emotionally out there.
It's like saying,
"Do you want to marry me?"
or, "I love you.
Do you love me back?"
It's quite exciting,
actually.
These are big things in life,
and I have no idea
how she's gonna take it.
No idea.
Okay, baby, I'm gonna go.
- Mm. Okay.
- Okay.
[knock at door]
- Oh!
- Hi.
Hi, beautiful.
Oh, my God.
Muah.
- Oh.
- I'm on my way to the gym.
But I'll be back soon.
I'm just gonna work out.
- Hi.
- Hi, how are you?
(Fredrik)
You guys have fun.
Okay.
How are you, sir?
Nice to meet you, pleasure.
(Luis)
Can you feel the vibe?
(Ronita)
I feel it.
There's only one
Jackson Pollock apartment.
I'm afraid you're either gonna
get really pissed off,
or you're just gonna make
a joke out of it.
Are you having a baby?
[upbeat music]
* *
[elevator bell dings]
- Andrew?
- Fredrik?
You got me at, like--
from the gym.
I just need a minute.
Derek and I are having company
right now,
so I have, like, one minute,
literally.
Okay. I have some options here
for you for 19th Street.
The open house
for my co-listing with Ryan
is only a few days away,
and I want everything
to be perfect.
Eklund. Serhant.
Perfection.
Okay, I like this.
Right by the fireplace.
You can even throw it
on the floor if you want.
Is this real fur?
Well, some is,
and then some isn't.
- So we can--
- I don't want any real fur.
Totally fair.
Are you doing any kids element,
like family, like Ryan said?
We want a single guy
and a family
to want to buy this apartment
at the same time.
Keep it neutral.
I think we should go like,
a little bit of rock and roll.
Well, we were thinking
this nice, soft sheepskin.
Yeah, 'cause kids
will like that too.
We want to make
everyone happy.
Yeah.
I feel really good.
I think it's gonna add that
extra oomph to the apartment.
Ryan's gonna be very happy.
- Exactly.
- Everybody gets what they want.
Everybody.
Work your magic.
I have to sell this one.
We, I mean, him and I
have to sell this one.
- Together.
- You will.
(Fredrik)
Thank you.
[playful music]
* *
How are things going, um,
with Ryan?
Ryan works late seven days
a week.
I guess it's something
that I've tried to get used to.
If it's any consolation,
Fred's the same.
Yeah, I can relate.
I understand.
I think we should do this
every week.
Therapy with Derek.
We will call it
"Therapy with Derek."
[chuckles]
[door opens and dog barks]
Hi, babies.
- Hi.
Baby, I love the colors.
(Derek)
Yeah, it's coming along.
Can I sit here?
I'm not gonna ruin--
Yeah, you can sit
over there.
So what's going on
with you guys since dinner?
Since dinner?
With Ryan and I?
(Fredrik)
Mm-hmm.
Nothing much.
I'm glad.
I liked it too.
You guys seem very similar
in a very strange way.
Me and Derek?
You and Ryan.
- Me and Ryan?
- You and Ryan.
- [laughs]
- Well, how is that?
You're both very competitive.
Really?
I've never heard that before.
[laughs]
So...we touched this subject
at dinner
about kids,
and I cannot wait.
But there's just, like,
a few steps
between where we are,
and then...
Of course.
So we've been thinking.
We've been talking.
There is something
that's really important to us
that we want to ask you tonight.
What is it?
We want to ask you...
What?
If you would...
like, give your eggs
to us.
[chuckles]
[suspenseful music]
* *
My eggs?
That's...
* *
That's incredibly flattering.
Because we like you so much,
and you have everything.
You're so beautiful.
You're so intelligent.
We don't ask you to be mother--
the mother.
I mean, you will in one way,
but just--you know.
You have to understand
that this is such a big thing.
(Derek)
Sure.
I mean, I would have
to discuss that with Ryan.
I mean, one day, we're gonna
have children of our own.
That'd be so nice
'cause then they'll be siblings.
I mean, I would have to really
think about something like that.
Is that a maybe?
Definitely,
I will think about it.
I mean,
at least it's not a no.
She'll think about it,
and she'll talk to Ryan.
And as crazy as that sounds,
I mean...
let's see what happens.
(Fredrik)
I'm gonna get some more wine.
[upbeat music]
* *
Jackson Pollock, Jackson
Pollock, Jackson Pollock.
Can you feel the vibe?
I feel it.
I feel his spirit.
When I listed this apartment,
I used Jackson Pollock's name
front, back, left, and right.
He was my epicenter
of the marketing strategy.
Jackson Pollock's
former apartment.
Then there's a madhouse.
Boom.
There's probably
10 billion other open houses
happening at the same time
on this block,
but there's only one
Jackson Pollock apartment.
All right, let's do this.
Send them up.
(Luis)
Hello, welcome.
Nice to meet you.
Pleasure.
Nice suit.
- Hi, nice to meet--how are you?
- How are you, sir?
Nice to meet you.
Pleasure, pleasure.
Welcome.
Yes, please look around.
Anybody has any questions?
I know that there's some people
that just came in.
Early 1950s,
and it was said
that most of his good work
was actually done
in this building.
You know what, I've been asked
that question a lot.
Uh, I don't--
I haven't found one.
Okay.
This exactly what
I was expecting.
A lot of questions.
So, everybody, stand in line.
Shoot, 'cause Professor Ortiz
has arrived.
This is 800 square feet.
It's obviously
on Carmine Street, 46.
46 was actually Jackson
Pollock's favorite number.
Hmm.
In fact, in most of the research
that I've done,
four and sixes were incorporated
into much of his work.
Wow.
A lot of people.
Come.
Spread this way.
See, we created this buzz.
- I know.
- That's what's exciting.
I told Bianca that my strategy
was to price low
and aim high.
- How are you?
- Muah. Muah.
- Muah.
- Good to see you.
Step one is to get
as many people as possible
through the door--
check.
You have wood-burning fireplace.
The only reason
you can have this
is because you're
on the top floor.
Master bed is here.
Yes.
Okay.
The good news is that
when you have that many people
in the same open house,
you can afford
to have some people not like it,
so I'm going to focus
on those who do.
It's so bright and sunny,
even though it's not huge.
- Yes.
- It's gorgeous.
And the ones who love it,
I'm gonna make sure
that they love it even more.
Absolutely.
(woman)
Cute, right?
(Luis)
Yeah.
- Wow, this is beautiful.
- Oh, my God.
You wouldn't have to leave
the city ever.
What I need to do is to make
everybody love this apartment
so much that they feel
that they're going to lose it
to everybody that's around them,
so they need to act fast.
Do you have a buyer for this?
(Luis)
Would you live here?
I would too, actually.
Yeah.
Do I hear a starting bid
at 1.25?
Everybody's already
calling buyers.
I can hear them.
- [laughs]
- Yeah.
(man)
Special piece of property.
(Luis)
It is.
[funky music]
* *
- Hi.
You were sound asleep
when I got home last night.
How was your day?
Insane.
How about you?
I called Fredrik
about 19th Street.
Yeah?
And he, like, brushed me off
on the phone.
'Cause he still
hasn't sent me
the agreement
or anything like that.
So you haven't really, like,
talked with Fredrik.
I think it's a cool project.
I'll do it.
I mean,
maybe about other things?
He's a little--he's difficult
to work with, but...
Okay, so I'm gonna
tell you something.
But you have to remember
to be open-minded.
I'm not open-minded.
Okay. I'm afraid you're either
gonna get really pissed off,
or you're just gonna make a joke
out of it.
Are you having a baby?
No, I'm not having a baby.
Okay, so when
I went over to the house,
they asked me
whether I would be interested
in donating my eggs to them.
[suspenseful music]
* *
They--they asked--
they asked what?
Are you serious?
No, serious.
100%.
Very, very serious.
Like, really sincere.
Like, really...
I kind of feel like
you're punking me
just to see what my reaction's
gonna be.
I'm not punking you.
The majority of my, uh--
my professional life
as a real estate broker,
Fredrik and I
have been mortal enemies.
So I don't think it's weird
at all
that he wants
my girlfriend's eggs.
[chortles]
They're two people out there
that really want
to have a kid, and...
I get it.
It's kind of sweet
and overwhelming
and everything at once.
I think it's a little weird
that they haven't,
like, taken you out more.
If they're gonna start, like,
making your babies,
don't you think,
dinner number two,
Six Flags or something?
[laughs]
My God.
I--I don't really know
what to say.
When Emilia and I
then have a kid,
my kid will be, like,
brother or sister
with Fredrik's kid.
What do you think I should do
about this though?
Say it's something you're not
comfortable with.
And say, if you are comfortable
doing it, you want $10 million.
Okay, you're not taking this--
I am taking this
very seriously.
I think
it's a very serious discussion.
No.
They're my eggs.
[chuckles]
- What?
- [laughs] God.
Do you ask a lot of people
for their eggs?
(Fredrik)
You have no idea
what we have to go through.
[hip-hop music]
You want to be above the city.
You want brand-new.
You want something that you can
possibly make your own
that's kind of neutral, right?
I do.
Between Fredrik asking Emilia
for her eggs
and Arty and all
of his crazy girlfriends...
Ryan, come, come.
I feel like I've stepped
in to some crazy twilight zone.
You also want something really,
really sexy.
So far, Arty has proven
to be a guy
who is not easily impressed.
Honestly, the view's not really
what I like.
I want to be
on top of the city.
Sure.
I want to feel like
I'm on top of the world.
So this showing is a gamble
to say the least.
This is going to change
your life.
Really?
Yeah, and it's right there.
Where?
In there.
This is it.
(Arty)
What the hell is this?
I thought you were gonna show me
something big.
Something high.
(Ryan)
That's why we're going
to the sales office.
You got to think big, man.
This is what I do.
I show you dreams.
This is the dream.
And you're gonna love it!
Typically, I would wait
until a building
is a little more done before
showing a client the units.
But 50 West is very different.
Their sales office costs
over $2 million.
It's definitely worth
the showing.
I would like to show you
a little bit of my building.
Come and take a look
at the model.
[upbeat music]
I wish I could see something
more substantial.
Everything here is
actually high tech.
Let's take a look at how views
would look from your apartment.
[screen beeps]
Take a look at it.
Hey, that's a view, Ryan.
That's a view.
(Ryan)
That's what I'm talking about.
If there is one thing
that rich young guys like,
it's high-tech gadgets.
I love it.
Do you think maybe
we should leave
and try to find something
a little--
- No, no. Let's keep going.
- Okay, okay.
It's, like, from the future.
Everything is touch pad.
Things are lighting up.
(Arty)
Wow.
I mean, it's like
you're inside a spaceship.
Everything looks good.
I wish I could see something
more, uh, what I'm paying for.
Arty, I have that for you.
Hold on.
[snaps fingers]
[ethereal music]
- Oh.
- Come with me.
Wow.
[electronic music]
Now you can see an actual--
finishes of this apartment.
Now we're talking.
* *
This isn't just an apartment.
It's the entire floor.
The whole floor for Arty
and his gaggle of females.
You have the finishes.
Very nice.
* *
Take a look at it.
Feel it.
It's just something--
You see?
- Feels great.
- Smooth, huh? Smooth.
[pops lips]
It's perfect for him.
I'm very excited, guys.
- Great.
- I think it's a done deal.
(Ryan)
Want to put, maybe,
deal memos together?
I need to ask my girlfriends
before I do anything.
All of them?
All of them.
How many you have?
[laughter]
[upbeat music]
[tires screeching]
[elevator bell dings]
Only one day since my open house
at 46 Carmine,
and my inbox is on fire.
Good morning.
Roni, talk to me.
What do we got?
Six offers.
Okay, that's amazing.
Thank you, thank you, thank you,
Jackson Pollock.
Break them down to me.
Okay, so 1.25 cash,
he's an architect,
but he's currently looking
for a job.
1.25 cash.
This is parents
buying for children.
That sounds like a charity.
Is he a charity case?
- No.
- Okay.
She's actually an artist.
I like artists.
So let's do something.
Send them an email telling them
that we've had multiple offers,
at full ask, and at this point,
we're gonna take best and final.
The good thing
about having six offers
is that you know
for a fact
that you're gonna have
a good backup.
Have them send you best terms,
best numbers...
But I am personally going
to focus on the best two offers
that I have on the table--
the ones that are full ask,
fully qualified, and all cash.
Let's start our job.
Bidding war.
This is the part that I love.
This is the part
that I love.
This is the part that I love.
[phone line rings]
[fingers drumming]
I promised Bianca
that I was going to get her
multiple offers,
which I did.
Now, the question is,
how high can we go?
- Rebecca?
- Yes.
Luis Ortiz.
How are you?
Brendan, I got your offer.
Thank you very much.
This is the situation.
We have six offers.
Talk to your buyer.
Just give me your best, best,
and highest offer.
I need an answer and soon.
Thank you so much.
Beautiful.
Can you see it?
Can you feel it?
- Spirit fingers?
- No, no, no.
Impatience, like,
you create this, um, urgency.
- Urgency.
- Yes, the urgency.
Did you send an email?
Yes.
Okay, beautiful.
And now we wait.
[suspenseful music]
* *
And wait.
I don't like waiting.
[snapping fingers]
Why is nobody calling me back?
[sighs]
[suspenseful music]
* *
(Fredrik)
So Ryan is on his way here.
I have a problem
with the contract.
West 19th.
As often
in New York real estate,
attorneys get involved,
and things get
a little bit complicated
and takes its sweet time.
Co-exclusives
on resale apartments
are done all the time.
But 138 West 19th Street
is a new development,
and new development agreements
are super complicated.
The problem is,
I see an opening
for us to go back
to where we were.
That's the last thing I need
right now,
when we're finally
in a good place.
Well...
[humming]
Hello.
Fredrik called
a business meeting,
which is what I hope it is,
just business,
because I don't want to talk
about eggs.
Good to see you.
Let's talk about the staging.
What's going on with it?
Let's talk about our agreement.
Where is it?
I want to talk
about 19th Street.
So, um, thanks for coming.
Um, Emilia called me,
and she said it was a no.
I guess so.
I don't know.
She said she was
going to reach out.
We knew, with Emilia,
it was going to be a long shot.
At the same time, this is
the third person that we asked,
so we were hoping.
You know,
still love her.
I understand.
Do you ask a lot of people
for their eggs?
(Fredrik)
We've asked a couple, yeah.
You know, that's what we have
to do unfortunately, because--
Oh, no, I get it.
I just, I mean--
I just think it's weird, no?
Given our past
and our relationship.
You didn't CC me
on an email.
You know, you didn't call me.
(Fredrik)
He's only thinking of himself.
You know what I mean?
It's like...
You have no idea
what we have to go through.
It was actually
really beautiful.
The way she reacted
and the way I felt--
or we felt when we said it.
Listen, I want Fredrik and Derek
to find the right donor.
I really, really do.
I just kind of don't want it
to be my girlfriend.
So the second thing is,
19th Street.
Um, the contract,
it's complicated.
Two firms,
new development.
I don't think
it's gonna work out.
[dramatic music]
Why are you looking at me
like that?
I'm not looking at you
like anything.
So is this because you already
have offers and--
just so that I know,
- going forward...
- No.
That there's already money
on the table.
No.
Sure.
I was really hoping
for this co-listing to work out
between Ryan and me--
I really did.
But the attorneys,
what can I do?
They didn't agree
on the contract.
I don't want to go back
where we were before.
Uh-huh.
And I like the new Ryan,
the new Fredrik.
We're friends now, right?
* *
Uh, just so that you know
how I feel,
the way it seems to me is that,
"Oh, maybe this will sell."
And you didn't need me
anymore.
No, it has nothing to do
with that, Ryan.
It has nothing to do with--
it's gonna sell or not.
Are you sure?
We haven't sold anything,
so no.
I don't want to be paranoid,
but I know
what this guy's capable of.
He's, like, lied and cheated
and stealed
to get where he wants to be.
I've lived through it.
I wish you the best of luck.
And you can sell at 19th Street
and keep all the money
and use my staging ideas.
So we're good, man.
We are on the same page.
Thank you, Fredrik,
for wasting my time.
I really like the apartment.
If you win, I buy.
If I win, I fly.
- Go!
- 20 million bucks,
here I come, baby!
[laughs]
[playful music]
Put an almond in my mouth?
(Ronita)
What's an "al-mond"?
It's "all-mond."
- "All-mond."
- "Al-mond."
- "Ol-mond."
- "All-mond."
- Jus throw it.
[laughs]
- Holy [bleep]!
- Mmm. Ha!
[laughs]
Love it.
[laughter]
(Ronita)
How did you do that?
I don't know whether
it's the offers, you know,
or the chaos.
(Ronita)
That was a terrible throw.
That was a great catch.
"Al-mond."
[upbeat music]
* *
All right, Ronita,
let's see if we can get him up
and wrap this up.
- Thank you.
- There you go.
Let's do this.
The highest offer I have
for 46 Carmine right now
is $1.4 million, cash.
Okay, thank you so much.
- 1.4, 1.4!
- Awesome.
But the broker
that gave me that offer
has told me that her client
cannot go any higher than that.
That's their ceiling.
- Brendan, how are you?
- Luis, Ronita.
- Good morning, good morning.
- Good morning.
- How are you? Good to see you.
- How are you, sir?
- Ronita. You know Ronita.
- Hello.
Good morning.
Brendan represents
our second highest offer.
Uh, Brendan, unfortunately,
we have a much higher offer
than that.
The fact that Brendan
has called me to meet me
tells me that
this guy's not done yet.
Maybe I can get him over 1.4.
So what do we need to do
to get this done?
I promised Bianca I was gonna
get it over asking,
which I already have.
But I'm not satisfied yet.
There's a magic number
that I have in mind.
46 was actually Jackson
Pollock's favorite number.
Huh.
If you give me 1.46,
we got a deal.
1.46 is, uh,
too high, Luis.
[dramatic music]
That's the number
that I need.
If I don't get that number,
as much as I like you...
Listen, let me make
a phone call.
I'll see what I can do.
What do you think?
You think we'll get that 1.46?
I mean, it would be genius
if we did.
[dramatic music]
* *
I need assurance.
Complete assurance that
this is gonna do it.
No more back and forth.
No counter-offers coming in.
There is a reputation
for me to protect.
And there's nothing I have ever
promised or given my word for
that I've never
come through with.
And I have your word
on 1.46?
1.46.
(Luis voice-over)
This is the beauty
about multiple offers.
I can gamble as much as I like
because I already have
$1.4 million locked up.
But if I can get 1.46,
it's great
because I get my client
more money,
and it's just a beautiful story
for the rest of the world.
[dramatic music]
* *
Let's break bread.
- We have a deal.
- Ah.
- Nice.
- We have a deal.
- Thank you.
- All right.
Boom!
Yes!
We have a deal!
Now give me some of that paint,
so I can start throwing
like Jackson Pollock.
Is that how you do it?
That's how he does it, right?
Something like that.
- Good choice, my man.
- Great.
- Good choice.
- Yeah.
That's right.
1.46.
Keeping history alive.
I love it.
[laughter]
(Ryan)
Pull up left. Left.
Here to your left.
That's fine.
(Ryan voice-over)
Now that 19th Street
is off the table,
I can just put all of my focus
on Arty, which is awesome,
because after our high-tech
showing at 50 West Street,
he called me
and said that he wants it.
The girlfriends approve,
and he's willing to pay
full ask.
But he said under one condition,
and then he hung up the phone,
and I have no idea
what that means.
Hey.
You guys going somewhere?
This is for us, brother.
Uh...
We got a little surprise
in store for you.
I hope you're ready.
If flying in a helicopter
is gonna make me
a $600,000 commission...
(Ryan)
Are you sure we fit in here?
Then let's go.
"Life vest under seat."
Okay.
[upbeat music]
* *
(Arty)
Yeah!
[helicopter blades whirring]
Ha!
Here we are.
What--what is this?
[tires screeching]
So this is the deal
that we got going on today.
I really like the apartment.
If you win, I buy.
If I win, I fly.
Are you [bleep] me?
I'm not [bleep] you.
Deal?
I would ordinarily say
that this situation
is completely ridiculous,
but, I mean, this is Arty.
Arty drinks tequila
for breakfast, so...
So there's $20 million
riding on it?
- Correct.
- Yeah.
Let's shake on it.
Let's have a good race.
- God.
- You're racing today, pal.
(woman)
Let's go. Let's go.
(Arty)
This is it.
I live in Manhattan,
I don't drive.
I have a driver.
If the yellow's waving,
that means
you need to really slow down.
Red means stop.
We got fire suits.
Is there, like--
are there ambulances on staff?
- [laughs]
- We'll see.
[dramatic music]
Good luck.
[engines revving]
(Arty)
I got to beat him.
There's $20 million
on the line.
[engine revving]
Are you guys ready?
Put your hands on the wheel.
[engine revving]
Go!
[engines rev]
[upbeat music]
* *
(Fredrik)
Hello.
I brought cupcakes
for the open house.
Why so warm?
Why didn't you turn the AC on?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I have an open house.
There's a lot of people
coming here.
Oh, my God, please,
not right now.
I'm selling a building.
- There's not even electricity.
- [exhales]
Oh, my God,
the cupcakes are melting.
Fredrik, look,
here's your fur.
As per requested.
We kept the floors for Ryan.
Um, just a small detail.
Yes?
No more Ryan.
No more Ryan?
He melted away.
I was really hurt by
the accusation that Ryan made
when I told him
that the co-listing
wasn't gonna work out.
So is this because you already
have offers and--
just so that I know
- going forward...
- No.
That there's already money
on the table?
- No.
- Sure.
But despite our disagreement,
I am gonna get some offers
on this place--
I'm convinced.
Even if I have to,
as we say in Swedish...
So you took all my advice,
I can see--that's good.
It's very, like, bachelor fur.
Very sleek.
Beautiful.
Looks good.
I've staged
a $6-million penthouse,
and it is perfection.
Well, with one exception.
Ryan's floors.
Definitely want, like,
dark floors.
(Ryan)
I really like the light floors.
But I also know that not
everyone who's coming today
will be able to afford
a $6-million penthouse.
So I'm gonna also show them
the lower floor
one-bedroom apartment.
Welcome to 138 West 19th.
- Hi, how are you?
- Good to see you.
Oh, no kisses.
I'm, ugh, sweaty.
(Fredrik)
It's a little warm in here.
The AC isn't turned on yet.
It's a brand-new building.
So this is five units,
floor-throughs.
The garden,
the second floor,
the third floor,
the fourth floor,
and then this.
The $6-million cupcake on top.
This is a 2 bedroom,
2 1/2 bath.
Isn't it nice?
It's just a little hot.
The AC is over-built.
It's gonna be so cool in here.
(Fredrik voice-over)
You know, I'm trying to talk
to people.
And all I can see
is a dripping sweat.
I mean, some of these guys are,
like, soaking.
Guys, where are you going?
Wait. Guys?
I feel like my hopes
and my dreams
of selling this so quickly
are kind of melting away.
Like my sweat
as people are walking out.
(Fredrik)
Who wants to go and see
the other floors?
[electronic music]
So this is the fourth floor.
All this glass, and it's, like,
incredible light.
What's the pricing
on square footage of this unit?
It's 1,200 square feet,
and we're asking 1.7.
And where can you find anything
in Manhattan any more
this hot--
I mean, below 2 million?
[laughter]
I'm gonna start taking
my clothes off
because I can't take it
anymore.
- Oh!
A little bit of tanned Swedish
man skin has never hurt anyone.
Right?
I think in this case,
it might actually help.
(Fredrik)
So what do you think?
You know, it's
a pretty vibrant neighborhood,
which is why
we initially liked it.
I think we might be interested
in the third floor.
Okay.
Are you ready to put in
an offer?
- Yeah.
- She says yes.
- I mean...
- I got to think about it.
My head's a little sweaty
from being so hot.
I've had a lot of bad things
happen to me
during open houses,
but I got to say, this is
probably one of the worst.
So what do you think?
Uh, I love it,
but it's way too hot, Fredrik.
I'm gonna have to go.
But when people are interested,
they are interested.
It's like when it's raining,
people that are out looking
during the rainy days,
they're serious.
This is over 1,000 square feet
of private roof.
We have to admit,
6 million is a good price.
I want you to call
all your buyers.
Take some photos now
if you want to.
Any questions?
Today was a hot mess,
but I'm hoping,
as people come home,
in the cold AC environment,
they're gonna be able
to think clearly.
And they're gonna realize,
138 West 19th is a good buy.
You could just open it
a little bit, like--
- Okay.
- It really helps.
I mean, I wouldn't do it
if I really didn't need to.
I feel like a Chippendale.
[laughter]
[engines rev]
Ready?
Go!
[engines revs]
Oh, [bleep]!
It's ten laps,
and my goal is to win.
My other goal is to not die.
Get him. Get him!
Go for it.
A little more gas.
There you go, nice and smooth
with that gas pedal.
Not off to a really great start.
A little bit more gas.
I'm about to lose this deal,
and I do not lose deals,
so it is now or never.
[upbeat music]
- We got this. We got this.
- Arty's got nothing.
* *
Back in, back in.
This is the last lap.
One more lap.
Yeah, let's go, man.
Go! Go! Go!
Now it's time to win
the Cold War.
20 million bucks,
here I come, baby!
(Ryan)
In your face, Arty!
[laughs]
Whoo!
$571,800, bitches.
Oh, in your face!
Oh, yes!
- You got it.
- [laughs]
(Ryan)
You want to do the deal?
Do you want to do it?
(Arty)
Let's do it.
- Whoo!
- [laughs]
Whole 49th floor.
Craziest views
in the city, man.
- Those are yours.
- Let's do it.
Off the market?
The penthouse is gonna sell now.
We can't--
No, no, no.
[funky music]
* *
[phone line rings]
- Erez, it's Fredrik...
- Hey.
Your favorite broker.
So I'm hoping
that you're sitting down.
I have very good news.
My listing
at 138 West 19th Street
has been hot, hot, hot.
I mean, first the open house was
hotter than hell, unfortunately,
but then...
Full ask!
The deals started coming in.
Hotter and hotter and hotter.
So, you know,
I had an open house.
It was very warm,
no AC,
but I sold
four out of five units.
Garden, two, three, and four,
all sold.
All the one-bedrooms,
all done.
Full ask.
No concessions.
Done, done, done, done.
No, no, no.
We're gonna get--
We're gonna sell the penthouse.
But the penthouse, we knew,
was expensive.
It was a big price point.
Um, that's why
I staged that one.
And, um--
Off the market?
No, no, no, no,
it's hot because I made it hot.
It was so hot, I was sweating.
I had to take my clothes off.
It was so--
it's hot because--
the penthouse is gonna sell now.
We can't--
No, no, no.
[line beeps]
I sell out every building.
I sell out every
single building, every unit.
My job is not done
until I'm sold out.
And I'm not gonna care
about the units already sold.
That's great.
Fine. Amazing.
I am gonna think, day and night,
on the penthouse
that I still haven't sold.
Stop the car.
Just stop right here.
[sighs]
(Ryan)
Next onMillion Dollar Listing
New York...
Come on. Come on!
This is probably the most
important meeting of my career,
and I am [bleep]
going to miss it.
Where are we exactly
with the approved finishes?
We don't have approved finishes?
It radiates heat, so no one
will ever have cold feet.
Speaking of cold feet,
when's the wedding?
What would be the coolest way
to propose?
I'll just be like...
(Fredrik)
For moreMillion Dollar Listing
New York,
check out bravotv.com.